hello youtube people greet them ps
novices 123 today I'm going to
teach how to record an iso image of
any linux distribution to a dvd
the first thing that we are going to occupy this is
this little program
is this called animation wood in
the extraction of the video is going to leave
All instructions and material
that is going to occupy
the seconds is going to be a virgin dvd
you can get it
do in pharmacies stationery and so on
in this case I'm going to burn the
Linux distribution
opensuse in 3.1 I think it's the version
more more stable of our distribution
and we'll start first thing is to get
our total
/ virgin to the reader
I put it
as it recognizes
in fact we can go to the start of type
the machine had sodium
like this dvd drive
in fact it has nothing is clean
this
and the following since they were ready
our virgin baby we open the
click program
ok what is an example here six
options we go to the first option
it's disk image
why
we go here where it says origin
select a file from the folder with
a magnifying glass with two click
and we look for our image here are
tense in 3.9
click here is already counter and without beard and
of the image that
here where it says destiny also check
because good in 1 cpu brings a double
burner they have where is there
You can select which mature 1 burner
2 in this case I burned only 1
and it is the letter d
down here I'm going to the opponent
if the popcorn is not checked
We put here to verify if you mark us
some mistake
and here the most important thing where it says
writing speed
we are going to put 4 many put 6 or
they put them 10 many think to put it
at 56 you know I'm going to record it well
fast easy they are wrong because the
time to record
it's very fast if we record them and record
and all but damaged sectors of the disk and
makes it jump and that's why it makes
rodeo I think that's why when they drip
it can be windows when dripping the
disk marks a compact dll file high
new format file I do not know what the same
same goes with Linux distributions
mark error or stay paralyzed or
some different error that 's why it 's more
recommendable 44 little
as for me it is the best
so that the disc goes well
and already having all the steps done
as spam we are going to give you here where is
an image of a disk and the disk
we click
you just have to wait for the process
as it is an image and show
heavy this is going to take a while
I like this one to use the video and
I come back with you
if 100% completion is already
list our image of burned linux and
recorded
a good dvd friend this has been all for
Today I hope you have served them
I liked it
I hope not
that this video is useful
I'm going to try these external banks
hotels in abc I do for how to install it
all first didactic what requirements
they ask for all that to prove it, just like us
we see the next video I send him a
cordial